This project shows my application of Python regular expressions to an important real-world problem: filtering Web access logs.  

A Web access log records every HTTP request made to a Web server, along with features such as the date, time, 
IP address of the computer making the HTTP request, and the request’s resulting status code (e.g. 200 == success).  
Log analysis and filtering is an important method for identifying valid vs. suspicious requests, as you will see from this project. 

The file access_log.txt is an actual HTTP server log from a security researcher who set up a ‘honeypot’ server to attract hackers, in order to record the HTTP requests used in hacking attempts, to learn about their methods and origins.  See the original Web site at http://log-sharing.dreamhosters.com/.  This access log was generated by a popular Web server program, Apache, and its format is explained here (http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/logs.html), under the Access Log section. A couple of fields in the provided file are set to '-' because the data has been sanitized so that there won't be privacy issues.

The columns of access_log.txt have the following meanings (note the input files have no header with these names):

IP: the IP address of the machine making the HTTP request
Ignore1:  ignore this field
Ignore2:  ignore this field
Timestamp: the date and time the HTTP request was made
Ignore3:  ignore this field
HTTP_Verb: The HTTP command (typically GET or POST is used to request or send a
           page or resource, respectively) followed by the URL being requested,
           followed by the HTTP Protocol version (typically 1.x).
HTTP_Status: The status code that indicates the result of the result
             (200: success, 404: page not found, etc.)
HTTP_Duration: length of HTTP session in milliseconds
HTTP_Redirect: can be ignored
Browser_Type: Browser type making the request
